{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 Times New Roman;}}\fs24\sl360\slmult1 \b UNI BITES ? SMART CANTEEN ORDERING SYSTEM\b0\par\parAGILE PROJECT REPORT\par\parSubmitted in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the award of\par<DEGREE NAME>\par\parBy\par<TEAM MEMBER 1>\par<TEAM MEMBER 2>\par<TEAM MEMBER 3>\par\parUnder the guidance of\par<GUIDE NAME>\par\par<DEPARTMENT NAME>\par<COLLEGE NAME>\par<ACADEMIC YEAR>\par\page \b CERTIFICATE\b0\par\parThis is to certify that the project titled "UniBites ? Smart Canteen Ordering System" is a bona fide\parwork carried out by <TEAM MEMBER NAMES> under my supervision and guidance.\par\parDate: <DATE>\parPlace: <PLACE>\par\parSignature of Guide: _______________________\par\parHead of Department: _______________________\par\page \b DECLARATION\b0\par\parWe hereby declare that this project report is an original work done by us and has not been\parsubmitted to any other university or institution for any degree or diploma.\par\parDate: <DATE>\parPlace: <PLACE>\par\par<TEAM MEMBER 1>   _______________________\par<TEAM MEMBER 2>   _______________________\par<TEAM MEMBER 3>   _______________________\par\page \b ACKNOWLEDGEMENT\b0\par\parWe express our sincere gratitude to <GUIDE NAME> for the continuous support and guidance.\parWe also thank the Department and the College for providing necessary facilities.\parFinally, we thank our friends and families for their encouragement.\par\page \b ABSTRACT\b0\par\parUniBites is a web-based smart canteen ordering system designed for college campuses.\parIt enables users to browse menus, place orders, receive tokens, and track order status.\parShop owners can view incoming orders, manage order statuses, and track daily performance.\parThe system reduces queue time and improves the order handling process.\par\page \b TABLE OF CONTENTS\b0\par\par1. Introduction ....................................................\par2. Agile Project Initiation ........................................\par3. System Study ....................................................\par4. System Design ...................................................\par5. Agile Development ..............................................\par6. Testing ..........................................................\par7. Deployment .......................................................\par8. Results and Screenshots .........................................\par9. Conclusion and Future Work ......................................\par10. References ......................................................\parAppendices .........................................................\par\par(Auto-generated table of contents can be updated in Word.)\par\page \b LIST OF FIGURES\b0\par\parFigure 1: System Architecture Diagram ................................\parFigure 2: Data Flow Diagram (Level 0) .................................\parFigure 3: Data Flow Diagram (Level 1) .................................\parFigure 4: ER Diagram .................................................\parFigure 5: User Dashboard .............................................\parFigure 6: Menu Page ..................................................\parFigure 7: Cart Page ..................................................\parFigure 8: Token / Order Status .......................................\parFigure 9: Shop Dashboard .............................................\par\page \b LIST OF TABLES\b0\par\parTable 1: Product Backlog ...........................................\parTable 2: Sprint Plan ................................................\parTable 3: Test Cases .................................................\parTable 4: Database Tables ............................................\par\page \b CHAPTER 1: INTRODUCTION\b0\par\parProject Overview: UniBites is a smart canteen system that connects users and shop owners through a web interface.\parObjectives: Improve ordering speed, reduce queues, and provide order tracking with tokens.\parScope: User ordering, shop dashboards, token system, and basic admin management.\parTools and Technologies: PHP, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XAMPP, Git, GitHub.\par\parThis section provides background, objectives, and the overall scope of the project.\par\parThis section provides background, objectives, and the overall scope of the project.\par\page Project Overview: UniBites is a smart canteen system that connects users and shop owners through a web interface.\parObjectives: Improve ordering speed, reduce queues, and provide order tracking with tokens.\parScope: User ordering, shop dashboards, token system, and basic admin management.\parTools and Technologies: PHP, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XAMPP, Git, GitHub.\par\parThis section provides background, objectives, and the overall scope of the project.\par\parThis section provides background, objectives, and the overall scope of the project.\par\page Project Overview: UniBites is a smart canteen system that connects users and shop owners through a web interface.\parObjectives: Improve ordering speed, reduce queues, and provide order tracking with tokens.\parScope: User ordering, shop dashboards, token system, and basic admin management.\parTools and Technologies: PHP, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XAMPP, Git, GitHub.\par\parThis section provides background, objectives, and the overall scope of the project.\par\parThis section provides background, objectives, and the overall scope of the project.\par\page Project Overview: UniBites is a smart canteen system that connects users and shop owners through a web interface.\parObjectives: Improve ordering speed, reduce queues, and provide order tracking with tokens.\parScope: User ordering, shop dashboards, token system, and basic admin management.\parTools and Technologies: PHP, MySQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, XAMPP, Git, GitHub.\par\parThis section provides background, objectives, and the overall scope of the project.\par\parThis section provides background, objectives, and the overall scope of the project.\par\page \b CHAPTER 2: AGILE PROJECT INITIATION\b0\par\parProject Vision: Build a user-friendly canteen ordering platform for campuses.\parTeam Roles: Product Owner, Scrum Master, Developers.\parProduct Backlog: User login, shop login, menu, cart, order placement, token tracking, shop order management.\parUser Stories: As a user I can place an order and track the token status.\parFeasibility Study: Technically feasible with PHP and MySQL; operationally beneficial for canteens.\parRisk Analysis: Network issues, database access, UI usability, data security.\par\parDetails of Agile planning, backlog creation, and risk assessment.\par\parDetails of Agile planning, backlog creation, and risk assessment.\par\page Project Vision: Build a user-friendly canteen ordering platform for campuses.\parTeam Roles: Product Owner, Scrum Master, Developers.\parProduct Backlog: User login, shop login, menu, cart, order placement, token tracking, shop order management.\parUser Stories: As a user I can place an order and track the token status.\parFeasibility Study: Technically feasible with PHP and MySQL; operationally beneficial for canteens.\parRisk Analysis: Network issues, database access, UI usability, data security.\par\parDetails of Agile planning, backlog creation, and risk assessment.\par\parDetails of Agile planning, backlog creation, and risk assessment.\par\page Project Vision: Build a user-friendly canteen ordering platform for campuses.\parTeam Roles: Product Owner, Scrum Master, Developers.\parProduct Backlog: User login, shop login, menu, cart, order placement, token tracking, shop order management.\parUser Stories: As a user I can place an order and track the token status.\parFeasibility Study: Technically feasible with PHP and MySQL; operationally beneficial for canteens.\parRisk Analysis: Network issues, database access, UI usability, data security.\par\parDetails of Agile planning, backlog creation, and risk assessment.\par\parDetails of Agile planning, backlog creation, and risk assessment.\par\page Project Vision: Build a user-friendly canteen ordering platform for campuses.\parTeam Roles: Product Owner, Scrum Master, Developers.\parProduct Backlog: User login, shop login, menu, cart, order placement, token tracking, shop order management.\parUser Stories: As a user I can place an order and track the token status.\parFeasibility Study: Technically feasible with PHP and MySQL; operationally beneficial for canteens.\parRisk Analysis: Network issues, database access, UI usability, data security.\par\parDetails of Agile planning, backlog creation, and risk assessment.\par\parDetails of Agile planning, backlog creation, and risk assessment.\par\page Project Vision: Build a user-friendly canteen ordering platform for campuses.\parTeam Roles: Product Owner, Scrum Master, Developers.\parProduct Backlog: User login, shop login, menu, cart, order placement, token tracking, shop order management.\parUser Stories: As a user I can place an order and track the token status.\parFeasibility Study: Technically feasible with PHP and MySQL; operationally beneficial for canteens.\parRisk Analysis: Network issues, database access, UI usability, data security.\par\parDetails of Agile planning, backlog creation, and risk assessment.\par\parDetails of Agile planning, backlog creation, and risk assessment.\par\page Project Vision: Build a user-friendly canteen ordering platform for campuses.\parTeam Roles: Product Owner, Scrum Master, Developers.\parProduct Backlog: User login, shop login, menu, cart, order placement, token tracking, shop order management.\parUser Stories: As a user I can place an order and track the token status.\parFeasibility Study: Technically feasible with PHP and MySQL; operationally beneficial for canteens.\parRisk Analysis: Network issues, database access, UI usability, data security.\par\parDetails of Agile planning, backlog creation, and risk assessment.\par\parDetails of Agile planning, backlog creation, and risk assessment.\par\page \b CHAPTER 3: SYSTEM STUDY\b0\par\parExisting System: Manual token-based ordering, long queues, and no real-time status updates.\parProposed System: Online ordering with token generation and live shop dashboards.\parBenefits: Faster service, improved order accuracy, and better user experience.\par\parComparison between existing and proposed systems.\par\parComparison between existing and proposed systems.\par\page Existing System: Manual token-based ordering, long queues, and no real-time status updates.\parProposed System: Online ordering with token generation and live shop dashboards.\parBenefits: Faster service, improved order accuracy, and better user experience.\par\parComparison between existing and proposed systems.\par\parComparison between existing and proposed systems.\par\page Existing System: Manual token-based ordering, long queues, and no real-time status updates.\parProposed System: Online ordering with token generation and live shop dashboards.\parBenefits: Faster service, improved order accuracy, and better user experience.\par\parComparison between existing and proposed systems.\par\parComparison between existing and proposed systems.\par\page \b CHAPTER 4: SYSTEM DESIGN\b0\par\parSystem Architecture: Client (browser) connects to PHP server; PHP interacts with MySQL database.\parUI Design: User dashboard, shop dashboard, menu page, cart page, order/token screen.\parData Flow Diagram: User actions flow to orders table and shop dashboards.\parER Diagram: Entities include Users, Orders, Order Items, Shops.\parDatabase Design: Tables for users, orders, and items with relational mapping.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\page System Architecture: Client (browser) connects to PHP server; PHP interacts with MySQL database.\parUI Design: User dashboard, shop dashboard, menu page, cart page, order/token screen.\parData Flow Diagram: User actions flow to orders table and shop dashboards.\parER Diagram: Entities include Users, Orders, Order Items, Shops.\parDatabase Design: Tables for users, orders, and items with relational mapping.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\page System Architecture: Client (browser) connects to PHP server; PHP interacts with MySQL database.\parUI Design: User dashboard, shop dashboard, menu page, cart page, order/token screen.\parData Flow Diagram: User actions flow to orders table and shop dashboards.\parER Diagram: Entities include Users, Orders, Order Items, Shops.\parDatabase Design: Tables for users, orders, and items with relational mapping.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\page System Architecture: Client (browser) connects to PHP server; PHP interacts with MySQL database.\parUI Design: User dashboard, shop dashboard, menu page, cart page, order/token screen.\parData Flow Diagram: User actions flow to orders table and shop dashboards.\parER Diagram: Entities include Users, Orders, Order Items, Shops.\parDatabase Design: Tables for users, orders, and items with relational mapping.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\page System Architecture: Client (browser) connects to PHP server; PHP interacts with MySQL database.\parUI Design: User dashboard, shop dashboard, menu page, cart page, order/token screen.\parData Flow Diagram: User actions flow to orders table and shop dashboards.\parER Diagram: Entities include Users, Orders, Order Items, Shops.\parDatabase Design: Tables for users, orders, and items with relational mapping.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\page System Architecture: Client (browser) connects to PHP server; PHP interacts with MySQL database.\parUI Design: User dashboard, shop dashboard, menu page, cart page, order/token screen.\parData Flow Diagram: User actions flow to orders table and shop dashboards.\parER Diagram: Entities include Users, Orders, Order Items, Shops.\parDatabase Design: Tables for users, orders, and items with relational mapping.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\page System Architecture: Client (browser) connects to PHP server; PHP interacts with MySQL database.\parUI Design: User dashboard, shop dashboard, menu page, cart page, order/token screen.\parData Flow Diagram: User actions flow to orders table and shop dashboards.\parER Diagram: Entities include Users, Orders, Order Items, Shops.\parDatabase Design: Tables for users, orders, and items with relational mapping.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\page System Architecture: Client (browser) connects to PHP server; PHP interacts with MySQL database.\parUI Design: User dashboard, shop dashboard, menu page, cart page, order/token screen.\parData Flow Diagram: User actions flow to orders table and shop dashboards.\parER Diagram: Entities include Users, Orders, Order Items, Shops.\parDatabase Design: Tables for users, orders, and items with relational mapping.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\page System Architecture: Client (browser) connects to PHP server; PHP interacts with MySQL database.\parUI Design: User dashboard, shop dashboard, menu page, cart page, order/token screen.\parData Flow Diagram: User actions flow to orders table and shop dashboards.\parER Diagram: Entities include Users, Orders, Order Items, Shops.\parDatabase Design: Tables for users, orders, and items with relational mapping.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\page System Architecture: Client (browser) connects to PHP server; PHP interacts with MySQL database.\parUI Design: User dashboard, shop dashboard, menu page, cart page, order/token screen.\parData Flow Diagram: User actions flow to orders table and shop dashboards.\parER Diagram: Entities include Users, Orders, Order Items, Shops.\parDatabase Design: Tables for users, orders, and items with relational mapping.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\par(Insert diagrams and UI screenshots here.)\par\parDetailed design explanation continues.\par\page \b CHAPTER 5: AGILE DEVELOPMENT\b0\par\parSprint Planning: 4 sprints covering login, menu, cart, order placement, and shop dashboards.\parSprint Implementation: Sprint-wise delivery of features with reviews and backlog updates.\parVersion Control: GitHub used for source control and collaboration.\parContinuous Integration: Manual testing and integration due to small team size.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\page Sprint Planning: 4 sprints covering login, menu, cart, order placement, and shop dashboards.\parSprint Implementation: Sprint-wise delivery of features with reviews and backlog updates.\parVersion Control: GitHub used for source control and collaboration.\parContinuous Integration: Manual testing and integration due to small team size.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\page Sprint Planning: 4 sprints covering login, menu, cart, order placement, and shop dashboards.\parSprint Implementation: Sprint-wise delivery of features with reviews and backlog updates.\parVersion Control: GitHub used for source control and collaboration.\parContinuous Integration: Manual testing and integration due to small team size.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\page Sprint Planning: 4 sprints covering login, menu, cart, order placement, and shop dashboards.\parSprint Implementation: Sprint-wise delivery of features with reviews and backlog updates.\parVersion Control: GitHub used for source control and collaboration.\parContinuous Integration: Manual testing and integration due to small team size.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\page Sprint Planning: 4 sprints covering login, menu, cart, order placement, and shop dashboards.\parSprint Implementation: Sprint-wise delivery of features with reviews and backlog updates.\parVersion Control: GitHub used for source control and collaboration.\parContinuous Integration: Manual testing and integration due to small team size.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\page Sprint Planning: 4 sprints covering login, menu, cart, order placement, and shop dashboards.\parSprint Implementation: Sprint-wise delivery of features with reviews and backlog updates.\parVersion Control: GitHub used for source control and collaboration.\parContinuous Integration: Manual testing and integration due to small team size.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\page Sprint Planning: 4 sprints covering login, menu, cart, order placement, and shop dashboards.\parSprint Implementation: Sprint-wise delivery of features with reviews and backlog updates.\parVersion Control: GitHub used for source control and collaboration.\parContinuous Integration: Manual testing and integration due to small team size.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\page Sprint Planning: 4 sprints covering login, menu, cart, order placement, and shop dashboards.\parSprint Implementation: Sprint-wise delivery of features with reviews and backlog updates.\parVersion Control: GitHub used for source control and collaboration.\parContinuous Integration: Manual testing and integration due to small team size.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\page Sprint Planning: 4 sprints covering login, menu, cart, order placement, and shop dashboards.\parSprint Implementation: Sprint-wise delivery of features with reviews and backlog updates.\parVersion Control: GitHub used for source control and collaboration.\parContinuous Integration: Manual testing and integration due to small team size.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\page Sprint Planning: 4 sprints covering login, menu, cart, order placement, and shop dashboards.\parSprint Implementation: Sprint-wise delivery of features with reviews and backlog updates.\parVersion Control: GitHub used for source control and collaboration.\parContinuous Integration: Manual testing and integration due to small team size.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\parSprint logs and daily stand-up summaries included below.\par\page \b CHAPTER 6: TESTING\b0\par\parTesting Methods: Unit testing, integration testing, and functional testing.\parTest Cases: Login, Add to Cart, Place Order, Shop View, Status Update.\parTest Results: All core flows passed; UI fixes applied.\par\parSample test case table:\parTC01 Login -> Pass\parTC02 Add to Cart -> Pass\parTC03 Place Order -> Pass\par\parSample test case table:\parTC01 Login -> Pass\parTC02 Add to Cart -> Pass\parTC03 Place Order -> Pass\par\page Testing Methods: Unit testing, integration testing, and functional testing.\parTest Cases: Login, Add to Cart, Place Order, Shop View, Status Update.\parTest Results: All core flows passed; UI fixes applied.\par\parSample test case table:\parTC01 Login -> Pass\parTC02 Add to Cart -> Pass\parTC03 Place Order -> Pass\par\parSample test case table:\parTC01 Login -> Pass\parTC02 Add to Cart -> Pass\parTC03 Place Order -> Pass\par\page Testing Methods: Unit testing, integration testing, and functional testing.\parTest Cases: Login, Add to Cart, Place Order, Shop View, Status Update.\parTest Results: All core flows passed; UI fixes applied.\par\parSample test case table:\parTC01 Login -> Pass\parTC02 Add to Cart -> Pass\parTC03 Place Order -> Pass\par\parSample test case table:\parTC01 Login -> Pass\parTC02 Add to Cart -> Pass\parTC03 Place Order -> Pass\par\page Testing Methods: Unit testing, integration testing, and functional testing.\parTest Cases: Login, Add to Cart, Place Order, Shop View, Status Update.\parTest Results: All core flows passed; UI fixes applied.\par\parSample test case table:\parTC01 Login -> Pass\parTC02 Add to Cart -> Pass\parTC03 Place Order -> Pass\par\parSample test case table:\parTC01 Login -> Pass\parTC02 Add to Cart -> Pass\parTC03 Place Order -> Pass\par\page Testing Methods: Unit testing, integration testing, and functional testing.\parTest Cases: Login, Add to Cart, Place Order, Shop View, Status Update.\parTest Results: All core flows passed; UI fixes applied.\par\parSample test case table:\parTC01 Login -> Pass\parTC02 Add to Cart -> Pass\parTC03 Place Order -> Pass\par\parSample test case table:\parTC01 Login -> Pass\parTC02 Add to Cart -> Pass\parTC03 Place Order -> Pass\par\page \b CHAPTER 7: DEPLOYMENT\b0\par\parDeployment Environment: Windows + XAMPP + MySQL (port 3307).\parDeployment Steps: Install XAMPP, import DB, configure db.php, start Apache/MySQL.\parNetwork Setup: DB PC configured with bind-address and remote user privileges.\par\parStep-by-step deployment checklist included.\par\parStep-by-step deployment checklist included.\par\page Deployment Environment: Windows + XAMPP + MySQL (port 3307).\parDeployment Steps: Install XAMPP, import DB, configure db.php, start Apache/MySQL.\parNetwork Setup: DB PC configured with bind-address and remote user privileges.\par\parStep-by-step deployment checklist included.\par\parStep-by-step deployment checklist included.\par\page Deployment Environment: Windows + XAMPP + MySQL (port 3307).\parDeployment Steps: Install XAMPP, import DB, configure db.php, start Apache/MySQL.\parNetwork Setup: DB PC configured with bind-address and remote user privileges.\par\parStep-by-step deployment checklist included.\par\parStep-by-step deployment checklist included.\par\page \b CHAPTER 8: RESULTS AND SCREENSHOTS\b0\par\parUser Dashboard: Shows categories and quick actions.\parMenu Page: Displays items with add/remove cart options.\parToken Page: Shows order token and status updates.\parShop Dashboard: Shows order count, revenue, and status summary.\par\par(Insert screenshot here with caption.)\par\par(Insert screenshot here with caption.)\par\par(Insert screenshot here with caption.)\par\page User Dashboard: Shows categories and quick actions.\parMenu Page: Displays items with add/remove cart options.\parToken Page: Shows order token and status updates.\parShop Dashboard: Shows order count, revenue, and status summary.\par\par(Insert screenshot here with caption.)\par\par(Insert screenshot here with caption.)\par\par(Insert screenshot here with caption.)\par\page User Dashboard: Shows categories and quick actions.\parMenu Page: Displays items with add/remove cart options.\parToken Page: Shows order token and status updates.\parShop Dashboard: Shows order count, revenue, and status summary.\par\par(Insert screenshot here with caption.)\par\par(Insert screenshot here with caption.)\par\par(Insert screenshot here with caption.)\par\page User Dashboard: Shows categories and quick actions.\parMenu Page: Displays items with add/remove cart options.\parToken Page: Shows order token and status updates.\parShop Dashboard: Shows order count, revenue, and status summary.\par\par(Insert screenshot here with caption.)\par\par(Insert screenshot here with caption.)\par\par(Insert screenshot here with caption.)\par\page \b CHAPTER 9: CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK\b0\par\parConclusion: UniBites delivers a functional canteen ordering system with token tracking.\parFuture Work: Add payments, notifications, analytics, and mobile app.\par\parOverall, the project meets objectives and can be extended further.\par\parOverall, the project meets objectives and can be extended further.\par\page Conclusion: UniBites delivers a functional canteen ordering system with token tracking.\parFuture Work: Add payments, notifications, analytics, and mobile app.\par\parOverall, the project meets objectives and can be extended further.\par\parOverall, the project meets objectives and can be extended further.\par\page \b CHAPTER 10: REFERENCES\b0\par\parPHP Documentation ? https://www.php.net\parMySQL Documentation ? https://dev.mysql.com\parXAMPP Documentation ? https://www.apachefriends.org\parW3Schools ? https://www.w3schools.com\par\page \b APPENDICES\b0\par\parAppendix A: Product Backlog Details\par\par(Add extended content, tables, and screenshots here.)\parAppendix A: Product Backlog Details\par\par(Add extended content, tables, and screenshots here.)\parAppendix A: Product Backlog Details\par\par(Add extended content, tables, and screenshots here.)\par\page Appendix B: Sprint Logs and Burndown Summary\par\par(Add extended content, tables, and screenshots here.)\parAppendix B: Sprint Logs and Burndown Summary\par\par(Add extended content, tables, and screenshots here.)\parAppendix B: Sprint Logs and Burndown Summary\par\par(Add extended content, tables, and screenshots here.)\par\page Appendix C: Detailed Test Cases\par\par(Add extended content, tables, and screenshots here.)\parAppendix C: Detailed Test Cases\par\par(Add extended content, tables, and screenshots here.)\parAppendix C: Detailed Test Cases\par\par(Add extended content, tables, and screenshots here.)\par\page Appendix D: Database Table Definitions\par\par(Add extended content, tables, and screenshots here.)\parAppendix D: Database Table Definitions\par\par(Add extended content, tables, and screenshots here.)\parAppendix D: Database Table Definitions\par\par(Add extended content, tables, and screenshots here.)\par}